[messenger] Adds a stamp to provide a routing key on message publishing (#30008)
symfony/symfony: UPGRADE-4.3.md

 * `Amqp` transport does not throw `\AMQPException` anymore, catch `TransportException` instead.
 * Deprecated the `LoggingMiddleware` class, pass a logger to `SendMessageMiddleware` instead.

>  * Deprecated publishing with a routing key from queue configuration, use exchange configuration instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Deprecated routing key from queue configuration (`queue[routing_key]` in the DSN), use exchange configuration instead (`exchange[routing_key]` in the DSN).
```
